Glade to HTML is a tool to aid developers in creating Web applications
composed of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.

REQUIREMENTS:

Python version >= 2.6, < 3
Glade version >= 3.8
Xalan version >= 1.10
A jQuery JavaScript file

INSTALLATION:

Download the package and extract it. Run
    $ ./gladetohtml
from the package directory.

USAGE:

Glade to HTML is most useful for creating individual Web pages that
need heavy user interaction with standard Graphical User Interface
widgets, such as buttons and text fields.

To create such a page, begin by laying it out from within the Glade
program itself. There are many tutorials on using Glade, including one
at http://live.gnome.org/Glade/Tutorials .

Glade to HTML currently only implements a subset of the widgets,
properties, and signal handlers in Glade. The list is in the file
SUPPORTED.

NOTE: The toplevel window should always have the "Default Width" field
under "General" window properties set. HTML windows default to being
as wide as possible, while Glade assumes they default to being as
narrow as possible.

When the interface is saved, it will normally have the .glade
extension, and will contain XML data. It can then be run through Glade
to HTML (here assuming a file named interface.glade):
   $ ./gladetohtml interface.glade
This will generate interface.html, interface.css, and interface.js

The HTML file contains a description of the actual interface. The CSS
and JavaScript files are blank by default, but can be altered to tweak
the page itself.

To use the generated HTML interface in a Web server, copy the .html,
.css, and .js files to a directory, along with gtk.css, the webshim/
subdirectory, and a jQuery file named jquery.js

SIGNALS: If supported signals are given handler callbacks in Glade,
then the corresponding JavaScript function will be called in the HTML
page. Setting the "clicked" signal handler on a GtkButton to
"click_callback" will cause a JavaScript function named
"click_callback" to be called when the HTML button's onClick event
occurs.
